>> This is Nuevo.
What happened on December
9, 2009, over the Kremlin
in Moscow and December 19,
2018, above the Pentagon
in Washington, DC,
must go down in history
as the most important
UFO sighting of all time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents Nuevo
with Jaime Maussan.
>> This investigation shows with
evidence and testimonies that
these are real events, the
importance and significance
of which will have to be
studied in the future.
>> The most important questions
about the events that occurred
above the Kremlin and the
Pentagon are still the reasons
that led the crew of these
subjects to carry out such
an important and
risky demonstration.
The possibility that
a violent response
by the authorities in charge
of the security of these sites
had occurred.
It was very large and very real.
However, a war-like
response would
have discovered before
public opinion what
was happening over the
most important intelligence
center in the United States.
It would have become
hard evidence to deny.
However, despite
everything, attempts
were made to make the
extraordinary events go
unnoticed, and they would have
succeeded if the Nuevo team had
not obtained all the evidence.
Faruh is a young man
from the Middle East, who
prefers to remain anonymous
since he recently immigrated
to the United States.
The morning of December
19th, between 3:00 and 4:00
in the morning, he was
at the Air Force Memorial
in Washington, DC, not
far from the Pentagon,
approximately 1 kilometer
and 300 meters away.
Faruh was walking
with his dog when
he could see the
extraordinary UFO floating
over the military center.
He recorded it
with his cell phone
for approximately 24 seconds.
And although he claimed
to have recorded it
for several minutes,
he only offered
these extraordinary images.
In them, we can observe the
traffic of various vehicles
in the distance and one that
passes very close to him.
You can also hear the
noise of passing cars
and a person speaking nearby.
This is a recording.
[BLAST OF LOUD NOISE]
>> What's that ship?
It's aliens, that ship.
I tell you.
[LOUD NOISE CONTINUES]
>> Yes, yes, I am really sorry,
but just because I was talking
with--
>> We were able to locate the
precise location from where
the images were recorded, on the
left base facing the Pentagon
from the Air Force
memorial monument.
Compare the images.
It is the same place.
According to Faruh, the
witness, he walked with his dog
from a neighborhood very close
to the monument, most likely
from Foxcroft Heights.
There, he would have
encountered a homeless man,
whose voice can be
heard in the recording
and who explicitly refers to the
object as an alien spacecraft.
This is the only interview
that this witness
has offered until today.
>> I went to sleep on December
18th probably around--
I'm not sure-- like, 9:30
or 10 o'clock as usual.
And I have a dog,
a German Shepherd.
He's a very old dog.
He has some bladder
problem, so the dog
has to pee all the time.
So I went to sleep around,
yeah, 9:30, 10:00 with my wife.
And I probably woke up around--
I don't know--
2:30 in the morning
because the dog was
whining in the living room.
So and every time
the dog is whining,
it makes this sound,
like ew-ew-ew.
So I know the dog had to go
pee, so I had to walk the dog.
So I got dressed, took the dog
outside, and then walked around
the neighborhood a little bit.
And the Air Force Memorial
is not far from my house.
Usually I walk past--
I always walk the same
route with my dog.
Like, usually I walk past
the Air Force memorial.
Then I walk around the block,
and then I go back home.
It usually takes, like, 45
minutes, like, the walk, maybe
an hour, depends, you
know, how fast I walk.
I was a bit tired,
and so I was walking
a bit slowly that night.
So I think I was probably
at the Air Force Memorial
around, like--
I'm not sure-- like,
3:30, maybe 3:45.
And the dog was peeing
in some corner there.
And I noticed some drunk guy.
He was walking or rather
stumbling near the trash cans.
I think he had had
a lot to drink,
so he kept falling
into the trash cans.
I'm not sure.
Maybe he was looking for
something in the trash cans.
And the drunk guy was
mumbling to himself.
He was talking to
himself, I suppose
like lots of drunk people do.
I personally don't
drink so I don't have
any experience with alcohol.
Yeah, so I just looked
at the drunk guy,
waiting for my dog to
finish his business.
And then I saw [INAUDIBLE]
because the Pentagon is not
that far--
not that far from the
Air Force Memorial.
But I saw something in the
distance, like in the sky,
something black.
And I was squinting
because it was
very difficult to
see because there
were a few clouds in the sky.
But I could make out the shape
of a pyramid, this three--
a three-sided pyramid.
The bottom of the pyramid
was lighter than the sides.
And it was rotating
on its own axis.
It was floating.
So it wasn't moving
left or right,
up and down, just
rotating on its own axis,
like, above the Pentagon.
So I took up my mobile
because I was...
I was very surprised, of course.
So I was, like, wow, my,
what the hell is that?
So I took out my mobile,
and I tried to film it.
I was about filming it for
maybe four or five minutes
when my wife called.
At that time, I think
it was like around 4:00
in the morning at that
time, December 19th.
My wife called during the
filming while I was filming
and so I had to pick up
because she's-- how do I say--
a rather strict wife.
And so when she calls,
I have to answer.
And so I answer, and she
was worried because of--
she says, where are you, you
know, because she had woken up
and I wasn't in bed.
So I just told her,
you know, I said,
I'm just walking the dog because
the dog was whining, you know.
The dog had to pee.
And I tried to tell
her about the pyramid,
but I guess she was sleepy
or she didn't really
understand what I was
saying on the phone
because she didn't really care.
She just said, "I don't
care, I don't care.
Come home immediately,
basically.
I'm worried because there's
some bad people sometimes around
in the neighborhood."
It can be dangerous,
I suppose, she thinks.
I think it's safe.
She thinks it's unsafe,
because sometimes there
are like, these gangster or
hoodlum types roaming around.
So she wanted me to
come home immediately.
So I said, "OK, OK, I'll come."
I stayed a couple more minutes,
maybe another five minutes,
and I continued filming it,
but then I had to leave.
So I stopped and, yeah, just
basically walked straight home.
>> You recorded this with
your iPhone or your mobile.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah,
exactly, correct, yes.
Well, I did that--
nobody has a camera nowadays.
I mean everybody uses
mobile phones, I guess.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> He was then asked about the
voice heard in the recording.
Faruh would have
encountered a homeless man
whose voice can be
heard in the recording
and who explicitly refers to the
object as an alien spacecraft.
>> Yeah, you know, to be honest,
I'm not sure what it was.
I don't really have
any theories of my own.
And I am pretty much what
you'd call a skeptic.
So usually, I don't believe in
conspiracy theories or UFOs.
UFOs meeting like
aliens, you know?
Because UFO just means
unidentified flying objects.
And it definitely was an
unidentified flying object.
So it technically was a UFO.
Like, I personally don't
believe it was aliens,
just because I don't believe
that aliens are here.
So I believe it's
probably some--
I don't know--
CIA-related, US
military, maybe a weapon
or some other kind
of flying machine,
some kind of new plane,
spy plane, not sure.
But that's just what I think.
But, of course, I don't know.
It's just what I believe.
Because just because it
was above the Pentagon,
and it's Washington
DC, and there's
a lot of military around, a
lot of military installations
around, so that's
why I believe it.
>> Could this be a
holographic projection?
>> I suppose it may be.
Well, I don't know, because
it looked solid to me.
But if it was a
holographic projection,
it was a really
good one, I suppose.
I mean I've never
seen such technology,
such holographic technology.
And I don't know if such
holographic technology exists.
But I suppose, yes, it's
possible it could have been,
yes.
But if it was, it looked
like the real thing.
I mean it looked
completely real and solid.
>> Have someone approached to
you after you recorded this
video and present
it in the internet?
>> No, no.
I just read the
comments, nothing else.
No.
Because nobody
knows where I live.
And nobody knows my last name.
So nobody can contact me
even if they wanted to.
Because I don't want
people contacting me.
So I just moved to the US
like a couple of years ago.
And I don't want
to draw attention
to myself or anything.
>> There is no media,
any investigator,
no one approached you,
nobody contacted you.
>> No.
>> This is the first interview
you have given about this
event?
>> Yes.
It's the first one.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> He was also asked if he knew
any of the other witnesses who
recorded this event.
Do you know any of
the other witness that
presented-- got the videos?
>> No.
You mean personally?
>> Yeah.
>> No, no, no, no, no.
>> You don't know anyone.
>> I don't know anyone.
>> And you had not contact
anyone after this video?
Nothing.
>> Nobody.
Because I just called
my wife, basically,
when I came home and I showed
it to her, the same night,
of course, but she
was very sleepy.
And she was like, uh-uh-uh.
And the next morning
at breakfast,
she said the same thing.
Yeah, it's probably some
CIA, military related stuff,
so we basically were in
agreement on this one.
But that's it.
So other than that, I hadn't
spoken about it to anybody.
>> Even if this was holographic,
even if this was from the CIA,
why we have not seen
any report from that?
Even if that?
>> Yeah, isn't that usually,
if it's from the CIA, usually,
they don't admit it.
So they're not going to
comment on it, if it was.
>> But the media
could present it.
The information to be there.
I mean it should have
been in the media
in the "Washington
Post" or something,
you know, the CIA flew this
above the Pentagon or anyone.
There is nothing.
I am surprised.
>> I can't answer you.
I can't answer it.
I don't know why.
I don't know.
I don't know why
there's a media silence.
I have no clue, actually.
>> Tell me about your
video, how long it is?
>> For five, five
to six minutes.
>> Oh, it's very interesting.
We really like to
see it because we
want to work with it to make
it the most visible possible.
Because as you
said, this pyramid,
it was very difficult to
see this object in the sky.
>> Well, it wasn't difficult
to see at first because it was
at nighttime.
It was dark.
And there were
like a few clouds,
so it wasn't very cloudy.
So I couldn't make
it out at first.
But you know, when your
eyes adjust to the dark
and then you can--
because at first, you're
like, what is this?
You're not sure.
It's just like hmm,
some indistinct shape.
And then you squint your eyes
and you focus on the darkness.
And your eyes get used to it
and then you see it much better.
>> What did you do it?
Why did you present
it in YouTube?
>> Just because it's unusual.
And lots of people post stuff
on YouTube about their--
I don't know-- dancing
dogs, or singing cats,
and other unusual, fun stuff.
You know, just for
no reason, just
because I felt like it, just
to see how many people would
actually watch it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When making a triangulation
from the three places where
the recordings were made, we
can conclude that they were
recorded from different places.
From Arlington National Cemetery
at a distance of approximately
2 and a half kilometers
to the Pentagon,
according to the images, a very
close place to the cemetery
amphitheater.
The second witness did
it from a moving car.
Two videos were recorded there.
The first, approximately 800
meters from the Pentagon,
from Interstate 395 and
the Henry Shirley Memorial.
The second was recorded
at a similar distance
from Washington Boulevard.
The third video was
captured from the Air Force
Memorial, about
1,300 meters away
from the Pentagon facilities.
The three videos were
recorded from the southwest
of the Pentagon.
The witnesses do not know
each other and most likely
were captured at different
times between 3:00 and 4:00
in the morning of Wednesday,
December 19, 2018.
Each video was analyzed.
The information of the
witnesses regarding
the place from where they were
recorded was corroborated.
There is no doubt.
In addition to
that, the witnesses
didn't know each
other, elements that
allow us to affirm with
a high level of certainty
that they are authentic,
not tampered with.
And they present the
true image of a pyramid
shaped, tetrahedron
between 100 and 200 meters
in diameter that
levitated over the most
important military installations
in the United States
without a single combat
aircraft having confronted
this presence, without
generating any type of response
or panic scenes on the streets.
The event was not presented
by any written or electronic
media, as was the case with
Russia in which, until now,
is unknown to most of
citizens of the United
States and the world.
Days later, there would be an
attempt to discredit this case.
A video of an alleged Russian
scientist, Aliya Prokofyeva,
a true visionary of the space
conquest would be presented.
She is the owner and director
of the company Galactica
that aims to develop
habitats in space for humans,
here in an interview for CNN.
>> Since childhood, I had this
idea is so clear inside me that
space could be habitable.
It could be
habitable for people.
It could be habitable
for everyone.
And it could be the way like
we live here on the earth,
so like with trees, with cafes,
with restaurants, and so on.
And I had this idea like
that it's so normal.
Of course, in school
and in university,
I wasn't so kept with this idea.
I had different
businesses and tries.
But two years ago,
I decided finally
to do what I really want to do,
to do what is my passion about.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In the video of a supposed
speech at the United Nations,
Doctor Aliya announces that a
large object about 100 meters
in diameter flew over the
Pentagon at no more than 500
meters high.
According to some
warnings in the video,
this cannot be copied
in its image or audio.
The sound is very defective
and cannot be compared with
the genuine voice
of the scientist.
This is the video.
The English subtitles are a
faithful copy of the speech.
Please refrain from any
questions during the speech.
Please turn off all the cameras.
Recording of the following
speech is not allowed.
All channels and companies, if
the video appears on the air,
then prosecution will follow.
No video, no audio.
Now, I am welcoming a visionary
in the field of space,
founder of the international
space platform,
Galactica, Aliya Prokofyeva.
>> Honorable President of
the United Nations General
Assembly, Maria Fernanda
Espinosa Garces.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I have an announcement.
On December at 4:07 PM, an
extraterrestrial contact
occurred.
A metal object,
shaped like a pyramid,
appeared over the
Pentagon, Washington DC,
the United States of America.
An unidentified flying object,
diameter around 100 meters,
rotated around its own
axis at an altitude
of around 500 meters.
NASA operational task
group, specializing
in the receiving and
processing of the space data,
received an incoming
data from the object.
At the moment as I
speak here, now the data
has been processed and
investigated by NASA.
The information from the
radars, the visual information
and the fixation of
the radio signals
incoming from the unidentified
flying object were made.
According to the
data, we can say
that the object hovering
over the Pentagon
can be identified as an
aircraft of unknown origin,
hypothetically extraterrestrial.
However, there were no
signs of aggression.
The repeating radio burst,
named FRB 180814.J0422+73,
recorded by the specialists
of the CHIME Observatory,
British Columbia's
Okanagan Valley,
matches the pattern of the
signal fixated by NASA,
incoming from the object
hovering over the Pentagon.
Currently, work is already
underway to calculate
the coordinates of
the signal source
and the corresponding
inhabited celestial.
This video was released
on January 29, 2019.
However, the identity
of the person
who originally
uploaded the images
deleted all their
personal information.
It was only possible to
obtain the information
of the first YouTube user
who copied the video.
This is JassLatta65.
Just two days later,
on January 31,
the user ufoofinterest
claimed to have discovered
that it was a forgery.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
According to the
researcher, the figure
of Turkish Prime Minister
Recep Tayyip Erdogan
would have been replaced with
that of the Russian scientist
Aliya Prokofyeva in
an exceptional work.
Here, we can see the
original recording
of the speech of the
Prime Minister of Turkey.
[APPLAUSE]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Now, let's see the precise
moment in which the images were
altered.
You can see how this is the
same video but in each one,
a different person appears.
It is a very high
level counterfeiting
made with very
sophisticated equipment.
Carefully compare both
Images the forgery is clear.
But also note the perfection
with which it was made.
It would be very
difficult to discover.
However, ufoofinterest claims
that he used a special Google
software to find
the original image.
And from there, it was
very easy to discover
that the video was a fake.
It is evident that
this extraordinary work
was done by professionals of
a very high level, most likely
to discredit the
original videos.
The fact of having involved
a scientist like Dr. Aliya
Prokofyeva affecting
her personal prestige
suggests that this
video was made
by true professionals, possibly
a specialized agency that
is dedicated to carrying
out this type of animation.
Here, it cannot be considered
that it was made by an amateur
who wanted to attract
attention or viralize the image
for economic reasons, but to
generate confusion towards
the authenticity of the
event that occurred over
the Pentagon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The investigation would take
us to all known territories.
The presence of this great
pyramid, of this tetrahedron,
could be a warning to the
highest military commanders,
not only of the United
States but also of Russia.
A case that we must consider
as the most important
of all time because of its
extraordinary significance.
But we were hardly
going to discover that.
What's behind this event?
I am Jaime Maussan.
And I wait for you in the
next episode of "Nuevo."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Gaia presented "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.